README.md, before:

# RPG hub
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/mikron-ia/rpg-hub-backend.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/mikron-ia/rpg-hub-backend)
[![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/mikron-ia/rpg-hub-backend/badges/gpa.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/mikron-ia/rpg-hub-backend)
[![Test Coverage](https://codeclimate.com/github/mikron-ia/rpg-hub-backend/badges/coverage.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/mikron-ia/rpg-hub-backend/coverage)

A system for role-playing game story/campaign/epic (names vary from system to system) management. This repository contains the backend.

## Background
[Role-playing games](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Role-playing_game) are a very wide category, ranging from very simplistic systems to extremely complex mechanical solutions. What they do have in common, though, is the story - you can play a game without mechanics, but even a primitive dungeon crawl is going to have some story. Managing this story, its cast, threads, and - if present - mechanical components - is the role of this project.

The project is currently split in two parts - backend and [frontend](https://github.com/mikron-ia/rpg-hub-frontend-static). It is possible that the split will increase once some functionality requires it.

Backend is being written in PHP. Storage system is MySQL, possibly with a document base as auxiliary if proven needed.

For details, please see [project's wiki](https://github.com/mikron-ia/rpg-hub-backend/wiki)

## Installation guide
... will be created once the project does anything except passing tests.

Commit message:

Project update as start for further work

README.md, after:

# RPG hub
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/mikron-ia/rpg-hub-backend.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/mikron-ia/rpg-hub-backend)
[![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/mikron-ia/rpg-hub-backend/badges/gpa.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/mikron-ia/rpg-hub-backend)
[![Test Coverage](https://codeclimate.com/github/mikron-ia/rpg-hub-backend/badges/coverage.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/mikron-ia/rpg-hub-backend/coverage)

A system for role-playing game story/campaign/epic (names vary from system to system) management. This is the backend - a hub that aggregates data from modules and provides output for frontend. 

## Background
[Role-playing games](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Role-playing_game) are a very wide category, ranging from very simplistic systems to extremely complex mechanical solutions. What they do have in common, though, is the story - you can play a game without mechanics, but even a primitive dungeon crawl is going to have some story. Managing this story, its cast, threads, and - if present - mechanical components - is the role of this project.

For details, please see [project's wiki](https://github.com/mikron-ia/rpg-hub-backend/wiki)

## Technologies & formats
* PHP
* MySQL for storage, likely to be no longer needed or to switch to MongoDB as system role changes
* JSON for data transmission

## Installation guide
... will be created once the project does anything except passing tests.
